# Layer Lives: Rhetoric and Representation in the Southern Life History Project

This repository contains the source code for the digital public humanities project *Layered Lives*, which recovers the history of the SLHP and their efforts to reconfigure the life history method. We employ an interdisciplinary approach that combines close readings of archival material with computational methods that analyze pattern across the collection. The digital platform gives readers an opportunity to explore archival materials and data alongside our argument, which opens up new forms of reading and interaction in the humanities. We address five questions: What were the motivating factors behind the creation of the SLHP? How did the SLHP come into formation? How did the project come to define the form of a life history and who was capable of writing them? Who was represented in the life histories and why? What are the legacies of the SLHP? In addressing these questions, we demonstrate key points in the struggle over what counted as social knowledge, how to accurately represent social conditions, and who could produce such knowledge.

All of the code in this repository is released under a GPL-3 license, with the exception of the text in the core layers, which is provided under the [Creative Commons BY-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/) license. Furthermore, all of the code and data from the project is released under a GPL-2 licence and available here: [Federal Writers Project](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3865765).
